Happy New Year!
And this year begins the 2,137th and Iron Tiger years, so we wish happy, again, healthy and
beautiful new years.
And they are called astrological, then this element of the year is known as Iron, sign
of the year is known as Table and therefore it is known as Iron Table years and it is one
of the rotation years that moves every 12 years.
And again, during this new year, our resolution that we came back, that is then trying to really
develop the joy and peace, happiness in our mind and heart and trying to also promote that
to the other beings as much as we can, can throw contacts of the teaching of the Buddha
and then bring the joy, peace, harmony and that what we all wish to you and pray for
them.
And again, this is very special year or the new year is very special to everyone and for
that, again, in this time, we are going to pray and confirm these blessings of the Buddha
and the Buddha and the Sangha, we make this prayer so that we hope that come true to all
of us.
Amen.